all right all right all right
here we are finally the
the Stellar round table on
on nft so we are going to talk about
non-fungible tokens today
i will admit it wasn't that long ago
I will admit it wasn't that long ago
before i thought
before I thought
this had something to do with mushrooms
or
fungus i didn't know what a fungible or
fungus I didn't know what a fungible or
non-fungible token was that was
definitely one of my most
earliest google queries
back when i was first getting introduced
back when I was first getting introduced
to this concept
we've got we've got a a fun little
discussion for the next hour or so we've
got some
fantastic guests on
i'll start with myself my name is tyler
vanderhooven I'm the ecosystem
evangelist at the Stellar development
foundation
i spend my day writing documentation
I spend my day writing documentation
and doing workshops and building apps
and understanding what the ecosystem
what folks like
these panelists here are up to
day-to-day so i
i think i have the best job but could be
I think I have the best job but could be
wrong
if you all can go ahead and make sure
you are unmuted
and and we'll go ahead and go around
this
proverbial round table maybe steve if
you want to
if you want to go first a little bit
about yourself how you got into Stellar
in what you're up to
yeah absolutely cheers so my name's
steve I'm the ceo
at task we've got involved with
stella
moore through the community fund
we've been working with stella for
we've been working with Stellar for
two and a half years
task is a is a system that allows
organizations to
connect and engage with their their
teams gather information
provide rewards and incentives through
to teams and then take all that
information and report back to investors
and donors in the market in general
you know that's predominantly what we do
got some
interesting aspects about how we believe
nfts can be used which
looking forward to getting into later
and that's all from us
that is me super fantastic really
excited to have you on particularly
for that
less than traditional use case that we
might think about when
when we when we use that word nft
fred how about you
yeah hi everyone and thanks for
having me so
and also i wanted to say anion gaseo j
and also I wanted to say anion gaseo j
and all korean still up
and watching at that time so my name
is federico
i am the founder of lightmint I'm also
I am the founder of lightmint I'm also
the owner of
teleport so lightmint is a gaming
platform basically connecting
gamers to the crypto world with game
asset ownership
cross currency decentralized
in-app purchases
and also a lot of other features that
leverage the Stellar blockchain
so just recently and it was alive with
sam conner on monday we unveiled our
nft and collectible marketplace on
Stellar
and the marketplace basically was
created to
connect the dots between between all
our products
to provide more synergies and it will
accept any kind of nfts
it will be available publicly within the
next few days we are still fixing a few
stuff
and yeah i will talk about it a bit more
and yeah I will talk about it a bit more
later
super yeah very excited to have you on
board you've been around for a long time
in the nft space
super excited about that nft platform
can't wait to start playing on that
zach how about yourself Stellar zack
hello hi my name is zach i am the
hello hi my name is zach I am the
director of marketing
solar development foundation which may
make you wonder why am i
here to talk about nfts on an ft
roundtable
my actual introduction to the space
was actually blockchain collectibles
pre like 2018 like 2017 2016 kind of
stuff
and it's been interesting to watch
the evolution of that kind of thing and
the evolution of digital ownership
and i've got a lot of thoughts just
generally just having explored this
before
my time at sdf and yeah I'm excited
to hear
what how we how you guys are
implementing this stuff
into your current solutions or use
cases so yeah
super yeah very excited
zach and i have a fun little history of
zach and I have a fun little history of
before either of us worked at sdf we
were we were doing some stuff around
color glyph that's how we were
introduced
not exactly nfts but still the idea
of crypto
gaming items and memeing the internet
with
strange and wonderful digital items
so for our first discussion topic i
think it's good to lay a groundwork kind
of create a foundation
around definitions were you going to use
the word nft
a lot i think
a lot I think
it's an acronym but the acronym maybe
has grown a bit
beyond just that or nfts have grown a
bit beyond that
fred i remember when you were talking
fred I remember when you were talking
with sam connor a couple days ago you
you touched on this a bit
that nfts is an acronym but it's grown
beyond that a little bit so if you can
if you can briefly touch on when
somebody says nft
or when you think about it what does
that mean to you what does that mean to
your users
and how does that affect the way that
you build
build enlightenment or products
supporting nfts
yeah i mean so nft is essentially
yeah I mean so nft is essentially
like yes strict definitions they are
unique assets
and that means they are not
interchangeable but yes the way people
use
the term nfts these days is more to
describe a wider range
of non-fractionable assets right so
so they are not necessarily unique
and yes this definition fits better much
better
the the current use case of nfts which
is essentially
to provide proof of ownership for
digital content
within a decentralized world right so
so yeah that i think with the more
so yeah that I think with the more
and more decentralized
and the more and more disengaged our
digital
platforms become the more nfcs
are meaningful yeah i remember when
are meaningful yeah I remember when
because nfts for me obviously kind of
meant that that acronym but then i saw
meant that that acronym but then I saw
an auction or a sale or something that
was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like
i feel like we're moving beyond what
I feel like we're moving beyond what
nfts actually are and they're starting
to take on
there's nothing wrong with a one of 10
sale of something but that's not what an
nft
the acronym is so maybe it's starting to
move beyond that i don't know zack maybe
move beyond that I don't know zack maybe
you have some thoughts around
this concept of moving away from
just an acronym to
taking on more of a ideological
ownership
freedom there i mean i i i'll echo fred
freedom there I mean I i'll echo fred
i mean 100 it's it's like digital
I mean 100 it's it's like digital
ownership stuff
early on i mean if you look at i mean
early on I mean if you look at I mean
outside of like colored coins and stuff
but moving into like early ethereum
collectibles all you had
were to work with erc20 like contracts
and you know my like the stuff we were
working on were
modified erc20 contracts that like
tracked ownership
but they were like single like
not no decimal thing so like we were
thinking about things like trading cards
or like
you know rare like rare items and
drops and video games or something like
that
like those things aren't unique in that
you can
like you'll have multiple mickey mantle
cards in a baseball card pack
but there's only so many that exist and
so i think
so I think
the acro acronym doesn't bother me
because before there was nfts that
that concept existed anyway and so if
that if we're calling them nfps now as
like
the broader space term i don't think it
the broader space term I don't think it
matters if it's a one of one
or a one of one thousand because the
principle is the same it's not it's not
like a currency or something else
yeah yep yes that digital ownership that
i think is so interesting and
I think is so interesting and
that that being what people mean when
they're talking about nfts is taking
whatever we used to mean
when it was physical ownership of
something and finding a way to turn that
into
digital ownership where you can transfer
and
gain a lot of that same value where I'm
holding the one thing or
there's only ten people in the world
that have this somehow you can replicate
that digitally where you're not
physically holding an item but that same
that same construct is is existing
steve did you have something to add
there
you know what i mean i i agree with zach
you know what I mean I agree with zach
in that i don't
in that I don't
for me if this allows generation of
limited editions which
really is the kind of one to ten or one
to a thousand the
the lovely thing about nfts is it's
empowering artists again
you know art from pictures to music
and all sorts of creativity
i think when you combine nfts with smart
I think when you combine nfts with smart
contracts
we're going to see a wave back i mean if
we're going to see a wave back I mean if
we had
digitization came in you could copy and
paste everything we saw
file sharing if you look at the music
industry
the only musicians you can see now
typically a huge artist because you make
all your money going on the road
i think with the nfts and smart
I think with the nfts and smart
contracts and the way that
in which you can start to reward people
we can go back to the
old kind of cottage industry of
someone's in their bedroom
they're pumping out great tunes and
they're making great art and there's a
way of them having a revenue stream
which respects them as an artist and
they they don't need to be
you know going on the road i think that
you know going on the road I think that
will
be really lovely to see because it's a
kind of it's going back to
the value of art before digitization
kind of took that away
i would even take a step further and say
I would even take a step further and say
like
you know the art stuff is really cool
from a perspective of the artists are
are basically the guinea pigs in this
nft experiment they're out there and
they're putting these pieces out
and they don't know what the like long
term how the format's gonna treat them
like what they're gonna do
but you know they're they're testing the
medium but like
they're there breaking grounds for i
think things we talk about
like there's projects in our ecosystem
already that are thinking about like
fractional analyzing things like real
estate
but if you're just like a normal like
person and you're buying like a home
you currently have to go through
something like a title company
and multiple parties and there's an
evolution in the future where nfts
like an artist could create a
a beautiful piece and it could be
basically the digital representation of
the title
for for a home so you could have thing
like
other things represented as nfts like a
home title or something like that
it does end up circumventing like
processes right now that
we have to have a title company because
the title company is the source of truth
for the owners like who owns the house
or who owes the title to the house
but like nfts you know that that
that concept applies very nicely to to
that
and i think the artists are breaking the
and I think the artists are breaking the
ground here but the digital ownership
doesn't stop just with art
and it doesn't just and i think fred's
and it doesn't just and I think fred's
take like
yeah i think you guys are obviously
yeah I think you guys are obviously
pushing beyond just the art stuff
here as well yeah i mean to me one of
here as well yeah I mean to me one of
the
the main use case as well of nfts and
basically being able to address the
digital goods needs
is the fact that if you look at the
industry today you will see for
example in the music industry
spotify is a platform that controls most
of the paycheck of all those artists
and we have the same in the gaming
industry with the app store the play
store
and with this the availability of those
items
outside of those platforms and on the
centralized platforms on decentralized
networks
then we can really like break out from
from this model
there was a i just wanted to add with
there was a I just wanted to add with
you know
as you break out from that model as you
look at things like
you know land ownership i mean for me
you know land ownership I mean for me
I'm very interested in that aspect of
actually taking the digital certificate
having it mapping on to physical objects
i think there's a lot of potential there
I think there's a lot of potential there
but i i think when people say well
but I think when people say well
what's the point
a really easy way of summarizing it is
you look at something like
fake degrees any of us can go out on the
internet we can we can go and grab a
fake degree of of whatever
and you know it's not the biggest
problem we have in the world but
in terms of fixing that problem with a
nft
which is you know simply tied to
someone's domain with a
tamil file with an issue you know an
asset that's being issued
now you've got your nft certificate
it's very you know and it's
you know you've got a degree
that tumble file can be at harvard or
whatever the education institute is
you've got a you've got a yeah two
second check
and the the other bit that i think can
and the the other bit that I think can
become interesting is that can become
automated
background checks just get automated
no one needs to actually go and have a
look at anything
and you could extend that further into a
personality test so
if you want to apply for a job i
complete some personality tests I'm
quite happy to
open that up for someone to look at so
I'm sending
nfts which is you know here's proof of
my degree
here's some personality insights to see
if I'm right for the team
there's various other kind of digital
aspects of my personality
i could be putting forward and then you
I could be putting forward and then you
know you you almost start to get rid of
hr
and recruiting departments as that
automates loads of systems there and it
it's not the biggest problem in the
world but i i think it's a
world but I think it's a
i think there's interesting models of
I think there's interesting models of
using nfts in that type of way
yeah it's something that's been
interesting even on
Stellar quest because we we have these
different challenges that people do and
they
earn badges and it'll be it'll be
neat like
you don't get those badges unless you've
completed the challenges and so
having those badges in a wallet that you
can verifiably prove that you have
ownership over
is a stamp of i've gone through Stellar
quest series one or Stellar quest series
two and
that that that means that i know
that that that means that I know
something about Stellar because i can't
something about Stellar because I can't
get these badges any other way
that's that's really neat and so the
nft is a vehicle
for for trust or a vehicle for
assurance for an employer to say okay
well we need somebody who knows Stellar
i hope they i hope they do oh look i can
I hope they I hope they do oh look I can
as long as you can prove ownership over
this account that you say you own
i i can have some level of assurance and
I I can have some level of assurance and
seeing that model moved out where nfts
are a vehicle rather than
only a piece of art or something that
you you
own is as the item itself but more
vehicle towards something else is kind
of cool
so that was that was kind of our our
initial introduction to what nfts are
and how they're being used
a bit in the real world today and i
think we've already touched on it a bit
but if we could transition slightly
to there's so much hype and and buzz
and noise around nfts if we boil some of
that away
for you all personally what what do you
see the value of nfts
for the for the spheres in the realms
you're in we've already started touching
a little bit those
those begin to show themselves in like
product use cases and
the things that you all are building
but if you can touch on those
a bit more in depth of what if you if
you scrape away the
the noise what do you think will be left
from
from nfts in in five or six years
maybe steve if you want to take that
one first
well in five six years
we will definitely be collecting nfts
because i think as humans we just love
because I think as humans we just love
collecting stuff so that you know that
the collectible aspect and you know the
getting away from the ridiculousness of
buying pixels for
for millions of dollars there's gonna
be
a steady state of very happy adults and
school kids
collecting lots of interesting stuff
because we just love doing it so i mean
because we just love doing it so I mean
that
you know that that's great there's
there's that
certification aspect which i think is
certification aspect which I think is
personally i find that
personally I find that
interesting i think it can solve a lot
interesting I think it can solve a lot
of problems if you
if you expand that certification concept
in terms of
who is doing what who you know who's
doing what which can be at an
individual level it can be a
organizational level
i think if you look at stella
I think if you look at Stellar
or any blockchain similar to Stellar in
that mission which is get the finances
through
get you know get finance financial
fluidity globally
that's that's one problem you solve the
next problem is
is it going to the right person one of
the key issues that we have is
finances finances being misdirected i
think if you combine the certification
you can start to direct finances in the
right way because you can start to get
it through depending on particular
certification and deciding that that's
going to be the way that you
would send finances through so i think
would send finances through so I think
reputation and building reputation
certification can work in all sorts
of ways that tie and automate
financial distribution i think
financial distribution I think
the the other bit that
i hope will be something we see in
I hope will be something we see in
four five six years and it's certainly
an area that I'm interested
in personally is that
if we look at the key issues we face
globally the incentive schemes don't
work
and i remember a friend talking to me a
and I remember a friend talking to me a
couple of years ago
talking about you know natural assets
how can you take national
natural assets and convert them into
investment propositions
if you could if we accept that human
greed is is typically what drives things
then could you harness natural assets in
a way and turn them into investment
vehicles
where they give financial roi
and there's then a desire to protect
there's a desire to
you know whether it's you know
reforestation whatever it happens to be
now if you take the nft and you can
track that
you can use that to track physical
assets
natural assets you can then have
investments into
say forestry there's a
the potential of you know as you as you
purchase younger trees if there's
evidence that they're growing that asset
goes up in value
naturally over time and if you're using
it as an nft which is tradable
you have a natural asset which people
can be trading and i think
can be trading and I think
it's a it's an idea which i think if you
it's a it's an idea which I think if you
get the economics right you could
go out and start to solve some of these
problems because a lot of the problems
we have are just because the incentive
schemes are totally wrong
so I'm hoping that there's potential
there long term for nfts in terms of
natural asset investment yeah
fantastic i i echo a lot of those
fantastic I echo a lot of those
sentiments personally myself
fred how about you
yeah so i mean there's a thing that says
yeah so I mean there's a thing that says
there's no bad publicity right but
so i think somehow these stunts are also
so I think somehow these stunts are also
they are not the ultimate use case for
nfts
but you know we we can't stop the
excitement
of of this part of the human nature
and then also
you know nfts as a as a much
wider appeal to mainstream than
cryptocurrencies for example so i think
cryptocurrencies for example so I think
all this is part of it we need to be
careful
to not engage into too much
destructive reckless behavior
but i think somehow there's also good
but I think somehow there's also good
side
into this this kind of hype and
excitement
around nfgs so yeah definitely not
everyone is gonna sell
the first five thousand days for 69
million
and that's definitely not the use case
but so the way i see
but so the way I see
nfts in the that contributing to to a
better world is
is essentially being able to to power
decentralized world right that's what
i was saying just before
I was saying just before
the the ability to to disengage
completely from those platforms
because currently let's say you are a
game developer
the only opportunity for we for for
for you to to sell nfts
or sell in-app purchases is to go on the
app store on the play store on steam
on all those centralized places which
somehow they impose their rules and we
saw for example with the
games like fortnight what happened
when the store suddenly
decides to put you out and same
for the
for for the music industry so basically
that's the way i see nft is
that's the way I see nft is
powering a decentralized world of
tomorrow
yeah zach i mean i was just going to say
yeah zach I mean I was just going to say
like I'm going to take fred's thing
and what steve says and then I'm going
to say you said did not hype
but i feel like this is going to come
but I feel like this is going to come
off feeling a little bit like hype
so the current like situation obviously
all this like
the the art trade stuff there's a really
unique thing happening where you're
seeing
like boutique shops now open up that are
like
going to they're like labels i would say
going to they're like labels I would say
if you look at music industry or like
art world or they're like an
agent where they are going out and
seeking people and they're like trying
to set them up
with like an nft strategy for releasing
their stuff
and that's going to go away at some
point there will always be boutique
stuff but like
right now that's where the opportunity
is but as people figure out like the
strategies for this themselves it will
grow
and i think you know what i was writing
and I think you know what I was writing
about a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was
like where are we going to go as far as
like working in the future i wasn't
like working in the future I wasn't
expecting like pandemics and stuff but
like we have this everybody virtually
now has introduced the internet because
everybody was at home for a year
and so you know offices may not
necessarily be the same kind of thing so
you can have virtual neighborhoods you
can have virtual workspaces you can have
like this weird match between virtual
reality and augmented reality you need
to still have
traditional things like like people
still will live in houses people will
still own cars there will still be
like things that need to be bridged from
the traditional world into this world
but like i think what i've seen happen
but like I think what i've seen happen
and even going back to fortnite like
yesterday i think epic
yesterday I think epic
announced that they had gotten a billion
dollars in funding for
something called the metaverse which is
going to be like brand disney world i
guess like vr
brand disney world it'll be like ready
player one i see those kind of
player one I see those kind of
environments growing
second life is a great best bet
experiment for virtual real estate
like they're all this stuff to fred's
point about like
decentralized world like that will come
it may not come in the next year and it
may not come out of this immediate cycle
but people like are are definitely
i think thinking about where to get to
I think thinking about where to get to
that point
and what that means like am i going to
and what that means like am I going to
be here in 25 years is this a five year
thing a 25-year thing like
how long will it take for adoption and
what steps are required to make it
easier but i think there's just
easier but I think there's just
infinite applications it just depends
on how
digital we decide to get as
as a people
yeah it's just to comment on that this
is
going off piste a little bit so pull me
back if it's gone going too far but
i think i think there's when you look
I think I think there's when you look
at collaborative currencies
if you look at collaborative
currencies which then complement a
traditional currency so you have
communities that can use a currency
between each other
then again in my brain i see
then again in my brain I see
i always see the nft with a smart
I always see the nft with a smart
contract and being connected with some
sort of inputs
the outputs can be certificates in
the form of nfts and
if you look at a collaborative currency
where communities are working together
and you're looking at reputation and
understanding trust between the
different stakeholders within the
community
then i think nfts can come in there if
then I think nfts can come in there if
you look at that kind of
absolutely digital future
decentralized future
then you know how do you how do you
automate
reputation and and understanding the
different players within that community
i have a another thing that kind of goes
I have a another thing that kind of goes
off of that that i've been
chewing on recently and that's on
legality of nfd stuff and ownership like
what when
I'm purchasing an nfc now what does that
actually guarantee me as far as rights
i know you know if platform developers
I know you know if platform developers
have to consider copyright
and like cease and desist and you have
to there will be tools to hide things
from platforms
platforms that allow you to mint
through them obviously will have terms
of service that are like
hey you can't do these things but
because of how
their these assets are represented on
chain like
just removing them from a platform
doesn't remove them from existence
and so i I'm wondering if there will be
and so I I'm wondering if there will be
a big giant lawsuit one day where you
have all these collectors
basically suing for rights to use art
that they've purchased
and or vice versa and what those
actually guarantee and I'm curious if
like
there's a whole industry for like terms
of service that may need to come out of
this
like like what i suspect there will be a
like like what I suspect there will be a
court case that resolves that if you put
the terms as a service on your nft
itself when you mint it then that will
be the legal
grounds but anything done without that i
feel like is going to
have a bad time but i don't know what do
have a bad time but I don't know what do
you guys think as far as like what
what does owning an nft guarantee you
fred i think
fred I think
for steve or tyler
that's definitely something that for
example in the ethereum world they
started to work on that
you can see dapper labs i think
you can see dapper labs I think
they started to specify
a license called the nft license you
can you can read it on nft license.org i
think
and it specifies a lot of things about
this but yeah that's definitely a rule
that
nfts cannot address with the address
ownership they don't address the
copyright
and you can obviously have a lot of
votes they're
difficult to to address the
question to the group what's the
situation with gdp
gdpr blockchain nfts because
if you're let's say a blockchain
provider and someone decides to put
personal identification information
and Stellar would be in the memo field
what happens whereas the
where's the blame where's the right to
be forgotten exercise
that must have come up in conversation
I'm I'm just intrigued to know
well fred do you want to tackle it
or I'm not I'm not expert on that yeah
so
yeah I'm not legal I'm not a legal
counsel or anything like that so i don't
counsel or anything like that so I don't
know if i necessarily have
know if I necessarily have
have the greatest answer for you but i
think
you know something like we maintain like
in through a service that
may be something like mailchimp or like
emma or whatever like some digital
database of
things that's easy to go into and remove
because there's
personal information identified with the
service that
has those tools but with a decent just
distributed network like
like bitcoin or like ethereum or even
Stellar like
what's on the network part of using it
like
is you understand that that's what
happened there's no it's immutable
right so you're not like you can't undo
this stuff
so i don't i don't know i mean i feel
so I don't I don't know I mean I feel
like that's probably a whole different
conversation of like what happens when
personal data is on the blockchain
about kyc aml stuff to roll into it's
a big question
i i don't know i don't have an answer i
I I don't know I don't have an answer i
think it's pretty
yeah for sure i mean so much of the the
yeah for sure I mean so much of the the
liability there is
on the entity that that put that data
there but because
i mean the the assumption is or the the
I mean the the assumption is or the the
way these laws have been written is the
assumption that if you put it there you
can also take it off and so
the laws revolve around take it off you
know remove it delete it but when that
when that assumption is no longer true
you're going to need different rules
and i don't know what those are going
and I don't know what those are going
to be other than i think it's probably
to be other than I think it's probably
going to boil down to
you need to be really careful what you
put on a blockchain and that there's
liability for you
as as someone having access to the
blockchain particularly
less around tools like stella which
less around tools like Stellar which
aren't designed for
arbitrary data storage you can put
arbitrary data on there but it's not
designed for that but i would that my
designed for that but I would that my
concern is more around things like
ipfs and filecoin and
our weave and these these blockchains
that are specifically designed for
arbitrary data storage
that becomes more that becomes a
bigger issue where
your purpose is to store arbitrary data
and so the assumption will be I'm going
to use this instead of my database
but if you don't understand what you're
putting on there is immutable
you might end up in trouble yeah you
know what
it leads me to believe though like i
feel like any
like based on no precedent or like court
cases i can't pull anything up I'm just
cases I can't pull anything up I'm just
pulling this out of thin air but i feel
pulling this out of thin air but I feel
like with you know with the internet
everybody's just using browsers to
interpret like things like you can have
a hardcore user that like
that's you know doing it through i don't
that's you know doing it through I don't
know them
like like they like how david uses the
internet i think is the best way
internet I think is the best way
but like you can also and and that's
gonna be very specialized and people are
aware that like there's a dark net as
well like there's a
or you can use onion like routers like
whatever like but that's not the primary
use
so my assumption would be just like any
platform it if a primary
way to display this information like
foreign is a great example because nfp
like
let's say an ethereum one that's just a
smart contract there's not
an image associated with that there's
not you have to like
interpret that through whatever thing
and and like called ipfs so you're
viewing it in a viewer or something like
that
most people you know if they can't see
that or they can't view it they're never
going to see it so i feel like that's
going to see it so I feel like that's
good enough
as long as it's for a majority i mean i
as long as it's for a majority I mean i
don't think that's
going to settle a court case you know
saying oh that's good enough they can't
see it but i think
see it but I think
you know that's kind of how the
internet's treated currently like you
know what's
you know as a user on the internet what
acceptable use is
to some degree i feel like maybe not
to some degree I feel like maybe not
maybe that's
a wrong interpretation
yeah it'll be it'll be interesting for
sure to see and that that to me is one
of the biggest
outlying i wonder
so for example the nft license that
has been specified by
by depot labs so they say that we can
take
an nft on a marketplace as long as we
can prove the ownership
that the ownership is is proper
before putting it on the marketplace so
i think the marketplace will have to
I think the marketplace will have to
do a lot of things in order to to to
prevent
being being under all sorts of things
like that
when when you look at the future i mean
when when you look at the future I mean
you're going again going back to
you know zach said about that digitized
future when it will happen of course
the the lovely thing is when a system is
in is invented which is
what we have with with blockchain where
it's released and it can't be stopped
so with nfts i suppose there's that same
so with nfts I suppose there's that same
question which is and and tyler you were
talking about you know
true decentralization of nfts the other
day you know how did you how did you get
to that state now you have
you have these and we perhaps should
talk about this which is you do have
that you're talking about your
description was you're looking through a
window you have to go to the shop look
through the window and
and look at your nft how do we
decentralize that the second you
decentralize it
then the laws have to wrap around the
nfts and not the other way around i mean
nfts and not the other way around I mean
do you want to could you go into the
opportunity for decentralization and
and creating that sort of system yeah so
i mean the way that almost all if not
I mean the way that almost all if not
all
nft marketplaces work is is there is
that
interface that you're accessing your
nfts through
and there is some where you can you can
take your nfts and view them on some
other blockchain explorer or some other
interface but there tends to be that
i can only get at this through a browser
I can only get at this through a browser
through a particular website
and particularly when you split the the
the nft
between the contract that allows you to
sell it
and the actual representation
of that asset the the and the ipfs
address or
whatever it might be that actually holds
the image or the art
you're you're beginning to to
centralize you're at least beginning to
silo
the usability of that thing to where
yeah
if if your nft is inside ethereum
you have to look through a window
open c or look through the the
foundation to to
see your nft but if they decide
to pull the shade on that and you view
that url
and they've they've decided that nft is
no good anymore
you've essentially lost access to that
and so being by decentralizing that
again yeah you're what you're doing is
you kind of have to take the reason that
they might pull the shade and address
that before you ever mint it
and almost put the the viewing mechanics
or the access
mechanics and bake that into the nft
itself so whether that's
the code to view the nft along with the
actual art for the nft
but all of the pieces for how this thing
is represented
and x access so not just the security
but and not just the the trading of the
thing but the actual
access to the thing the way that you
hold it and identify to
those around you look at this thing that
i own whatever that mechanic is that has
I own whatever that mechanic is that has
to be part of the nft too so that
access to it is is just as central to
the thing itself so that you're able to
show it
but when you show it it's also still
there it's so strange
that these things are split because if i
hold a baseball card all of that
is contained in that baseball card but
when we've transferred that digitally
we've split these things up and siloed
them to where each one can fail
individually
and now you're holding up a baseball
card but there's no image on it
or you're holding an image in your brain
like no i can see it in my head
like no I can see it in my head
but nobody else can access that picture
by having the card that you're showing
them it's
it's weird to think about but that's
that's the world that we've created when
we've siloed all of these things
we have to find ways to bring those
things together
in my mind or else
invariably you give it enough time these
things are going to be siloed things are
going to go away
and all of the things that we're
purchasing and accessing now are going
to be so broken
that they won't have the value that
they have and there's going to be a lot
of
this sort of hype that goes way up none
of it's going to work
and it's going to leave that bad taste
in everybody's mouth and we're going to
have to slowly crawl
back up before we're able to
to start innovating again
how much does that fit with did stella
want to fix that problem or does it
conflict too much with
being fast so there's obviously a big
difference between
the Stellar development foundation and
how we use Stellar and how we build
Stellar
but Stellar itself is an open protocol
that anyone can use for their purposes
so it's
if you approach seller and you think it
can work for your purposes
go for it i don't think it's something
go for it I don't think it's something
that sdf is going to
work on where we're cross-border
payments where
open access to the world's global
financial system it's
it's a different goal i think there are
it's a different goal I think there are
some crossovers particularly when you
start to
define what is value or what is a
financial like what is that what does
financial access actually mean what is
finance
those things i think begin to be
those things I think begin to be
answered differently when it's digital
but when you look at Stellar itself the
the protocol in the network and how
changes are made to the the ledger
the cryptography behind it that works
great for all kinds of use cases outside
of this there are certainly ones that
don't fit
but if you approach
the network and and see that it works
well for your use case there's nobody
standing in line saying sorry
yes it can't do that and i think i mean
yes it can't do that and I think I mean
i think any of this stuff like
I think any of this stuff like
even if sdf is not like we're not
internally developing nft
standards i think that you know we're
standards I think that you know we're
having this conversation because
some of you guys are and you know
i think that it would be worthwhile to
I think that it would be worthwhile to
see
a conform standard or two for this
across the platform you know we've been
we've been talking about it now since i
started sdf
and I'm like i've seen fred's
ideas for like how he's doing it i've
seen other people
working on projects there's a couple of
other marketplaces that have been
launched
simultaneously and it's just been
interesting to see
how the conversations that have happened
over three
four years are now starting to like
that work is now dropping and it's
really cool that it's dropping
simultaneous to the
like hype cycle because it's not like
this
like the work that fred for example has
done is new it's not like he just spun
this up because suddenly
people sold stuff it's something that
he's been doing for a long time
and you know some of these other
projects that are also issuing entities
on Stellar
so i think a standard would be great
so I think a standard would be great
like an ecosystem standard but i think
like an ecosystem standard but I think
you know it's going to require use cases
which i guess is my
which I guess is my
other point is like i think a big thing
other point is like I think a big thing
we're seeing is a lot of people want to
issue nfts on Stellar because nfts are a
big deal but if you look at
like right now in the space and you'll
see other networks and
not name or bash any of them because i
don't think there's anything wrong with
it
saying like you can issue stuff on ours
here's here's the platform to do it
i think you know people will try that
I think you know people will try that
stuff out
but the nft collector the one that
people are thinking of right now they're
all in ethereum
they all have and and i think the way
they all have and and I think the way
that you really
get people to use nfps is through use
cases like lightmint is a great
like you make the game the users just
want to play the game if the nft is part
of that experience
you know they can learn about how that
functions as they learn
like that community and environment and
ecosystem and platform
and i think like actual use cases will
and I think like actual use cases will
bring people
to networks and they'll get nfts through
those use cases
i think that just issuing an nft on
I think that just issuing an nft on
Stellar because you want to do an nft
but you don't want to pay 70 dollars in
gas on
ethereum that makes logical sense but
it's not going to attract
the current like insanity that you're
seeing
in other like on ethereum around it
does that make sense yeah i mean i
does that make sense yeah I mean i
wanted to
get back just about the because the
the way
on the storage first for nfts
the way i chose to approach this
the way I chose to approach this
problem with enlightenment is basically
by not addressing this problem so
essentially
i use what steve was pointing out
I use what steve was pointing out
the
there's a step one specifications from
Stellar ecosystem a proposal standard
that allows us to describe an asset
through a normal file and that's the
only thing that the lightweight
market
place we will basically care about so
whether the item is stored on ipfs
whether it's
it's stored as a managed data inside
the asset itself
is not something that the marketplace
will address basically as long as
your item is described properly within
the domain file
then it will be displayed properly to
users on the marketplace
and i decided to use that because at
and I decided to use that because at
the end it's
currently a standard that is used for
stella for describing all assets from
Stellar for describing all assets from
Stellar
and this way i don't make
and this way I don't make
assumptions about how
an event will stand out will come later
on for for
for storing the data because there's
also another thing that i was
also another thing that I was
wondering and is
yes it's nice to have access to the
art
in a kind of a permanent way but is it
really where the value is because if you
look at
for example the way the first
five thousand days has been sold for 69
million
it doesn't really matter if someone gets
and you can actually get the high
resolution copy on ipfs for that app
it's it's not what carries the value of
the item
what here is the value is the fact that
someone has the signature to sign a
transfer
transaction to to pass ownership of
that of that up
and even if tomorrow the only trace
remaining of that art is
like five by five pixel resolution
of of it i think the value will still be
of of it I think the value will still be
there because someone has
the ability to sign the the
transaction
i would agree with you on that point
I would agree with you on that point
to
to most degree i think you know
to most degree I think you know
newcomers the space
they want the art and so when people
pull things like
change the art on open sea like that
becomes a pseudo-news article because
people are like well
it's gone but if you look and listen to
the
you know the people who are doing art
with bitcoin like colored coins or
rare pepes or like if you listen the the
early ethereum
like style nft things that have been
converted there's arguments about like
are you purchasing the ledger history
the signature like the ownership here
if you can track the origin of like the
the first press
then that and like it goes back all the
way so like
even if it started you know on one
chain and ended up somewhere
as long as you can trace all that back i
think i think there was an article
think I think there was an article
on italic recently published around
similar
idea it's like that's that's what you're
purchasing and i think to fred's point
purchasing and I think to fred's point
about
art is like art people are minting these
pieces as art currently
there's no reason that that people piece
can't be like a legendary sword in
somebody else's game
and in that regard that aspect that
asset is going to be represented
differently
it exists on chains so if you hold in
your wallet you can like
you know it's proof your ownership so
they can pull that from you know whether
that's
albedo or metamask or whatever you're
using from like these things or
however the game interacts with these
assets so just because it was minted as
art
and there's an ipfs that goes along with
it doesn't mean that every application
of that
asset that exists has to be art related
i agree 100 and i think that's a really
I agree 100 and I think that's a really
important distinction to make
particularly for the future of
of nfts even in just identifying what
are people actually buying what are they
actually getting what's the legally
defensible item that you're arguing over
what's the thing that's valuable and
it's interesting because the
representation
like traditionally in our brains when we
think about art we think about
what are you getting it is the music it
is
the picture it is but because it's so
often tied to the medium by which you
got it it's hard to separate those
things out
but when you actually look at what are
you selling like if i go and i
you selling like if I go and i
steal that image and and mint it myself
outside of there being copyright issues
it's not valuable because I'm not the
artist
and i can you can prove that I'm not the
and I can you can prove that I'm not the
artist i didn't actually make that thing
artist I didn't actually make that thing
and that's where you get an art fraud
now is you're not trying to find which
one
looks good you're trying to find this
artist was famous
this artist was the real deal and he
painted something
we need to find that one because he
actually touched it and
it's less the the item and more the
assurance that
the person behind it the the the
certification that it's legitimate
that's what the blockchain gives you
not not the
the connection to the pixels or the the
sound
waves or whatever scratches on the hard
drive
might be like the thing that's valuable
is is the
that are that origination the
certificate
and that's i think we need to keep that
and that's I think we need to keep that
in mind particularly because i think
in mind particularly because I think
it's extremely interesting that art
might change
that as something gets purchased it's
it's programmed to change in a certain
way over time and
we even start to do represent like if
you had you know
this 69 million dollar nft but you
could somehow load it up into a game
maybe it becomes this weird meme thing
that no matter what game you're in you
can load
in this nft and it gives you superpowers
like that's really interesting
that's something you can't do with
physical art
that would be fascinating when you start
to approach what can we do
with this medium that's innovation
that's something that we can we can only
do because it's digital there's some
really fascinating things that i think
really fascinating things that I think
we need to start exploring
by moving away from assuming that people
are buying
pixels and instead assuming what's
true is they're buying certification
they're buying something on the
blockchain they're buying their stamp
their
their part of history in the in the
chain of whatever
this thing originally was because it's
actually quite simple when you get down
to what is something value like what
makes something valuable it's just what
is someone else willing to pay for it
and so long as you can make that a large
group or large amounts of money
the assurance there is on the
blockchain and that is good that that
does work that's already been proven the
attaching images to that that's that's
difficult and there's legal issues
around there but if
if you can rather just have this
chain of things this chain of events and
transactions and assurance of ownership
particularly
originally which you can do now
i think you've got something that you
I think you've got something that you
can really begin to innovate on
cool super sorry are you
off to you tyler no go ahead well i was
off to you tyler no go ahead well I was
just going to
come up but there was a just a model
which i had a conversation with
which I had a conversation with
someone the other day
it was a interesting brainstorm yet it
it's combining smart contracts with nfts
is using an nft
to to represent some physical
in this case let's take a tree so
the person i was speaking to was saying
the person I was speaking to was saying
that they wanted to plant trees
and they hate the these models where you
you know a dollar a tree
the tree gets planted it gets ripped up
six months later the
the question is if you want to plant
trees
you need them to be there five ten
years to get the benefit
so that's an asset which is which is
developing over time
it has more value the older it gets
typically and
so if you take a smart contract and you
tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this
case let's just take a tree it's
probably going to be a number of trees
together
and in the smart contract you say to the
donor okay you're going to
invest 10 into this smart contract and
when you do that
you're going to get the nft which
represents the tree
the smart contract then is where there's
checks going on to look at that asset
over time
and put inputs into the smart contract
saying hey tree's still here
everything's good it's being watered and
on that basis you've had the ten dollars
going to the pool
say there was a dollar pushed out at the
beginning to plant the tree
a year later you have a couple more
dollars goes and it's going through the
community that's
looking after these trees so you can use
a smart contract combined with an nft
and if the tree goes you can burn the
nft
you have a way of of relating
and having a long-term investment
around
natural assets i think you know
natural assets I think you know
my the way i explain it is probably not
my the way I explain it is probably not
not that clear but i think there's a
not that clear but I think there's a
a useful way of investors being able to
put money into a smart contract
nft representation and a long-term view
i don't know what you think if that
I don't know what you think if that
makes any sense at all
it's super interesting and i think that
it's super interesting and I think that
the issue for me becomes around how do
you make assurances
between something that's strictly
digital and programmed and something
that's very much not like what's to
there there has to be those reward
mechanisms kind of like what you
mentioned that
like what's to keep me from taking an
axe and chopping down the trees so that
i can plant another one and mint more
I can plant another one and mint more
tokens and get more money like
somehow make it monetarily worth keeping
that tree alive
and i think some of the problem is there
and I think some of the problem is there
but i also think there's opportunities
but I also think there's opportunities
in in nft spaces or even just
tokenization spaces
where you can get retail investors
involved where it's not big corporations
but individuals have
a tree token and somehow there is that
ability to
to keep tabs on what's happening though
implement economic models that make
it more worth it
to to keep these things as as long-term
investments or
opportunities for for foresters to
ensure that they're they're doing the
right thing that there's monetary
incentives for that because
right now so much of that is flipped
where as long as it's
more worth it for me to do the wrong
thing will i will i choose to do that
thing will I will I choose to do that
more often so we have to flip those
economic models to where
either either there are smart
contracts or or legal contracts in place
that disallow that or disincentivize
that or
more preferably there are economic
models in place that are more worth it
for you to do the right thing that you
actually
earn more money that way and those those
are tricky but i think one of the
are tricky but I think one of the
reasons they're tricky is because
there's so many middlemen and
so much of these investment
opportunities are locked out to little
bits of money
who don't have large they're not trying
to make a million dollars off of an
investment they're trying to make
a small moral decision of i want to do
a small moral decision of I want to do
some good in the world and it doesn't
matter if my one dollar makes two
dollars in five years
i just want to do some good and and have
I just want to do some good and and have
some assurance that the good i want to
some assurance that the good I want to
do will actually happen
i think i think blockchain has a lot
I think I think blockchain has a lot
of potential to open up opportunities
for that
for just by the nature of removing so
many middlemen
because rather than having human
contracts in place
you have computers again it's it's math
instead of morals that are
addressing these things and i i think
addressing these things and I think
that's that's a powerful
tool that we that we're only really
starting to scratch the surface on how
that moves just beyond
kind of converting traditional finance
to digital finance
there's some really interesting
opportunities there but they definitely
remain to be seen
how successful those can be over the
next few years but innovation in that
space is definitely needed and i think
space is definitely needed and I think
it's
it's valuable to look at that
not to throw a loop here because i i
not to throw a loop here because I i
wonder if there's some questions
available but i also had a quick
available but I also had a quick
question for fred regarding his
platform that i got a sneak peek of the
platform that I got a sneak peek of the
other day
because i think you know
because I think you know
similar to how well i don't know let me
similar to how well I don't know let me
let me just ask the question fred
for your platform like you you're
sharing
that you had some like cross-chain kind
of compatibility
and that you it looks like light mint
marketplace you become an anchor
essentially right like you are an nft
anchor
for ethereum ones with that
i mean essentially during the live i
I mean essentially during the live i
wanted to show that artists let's say
you had issued some
assets on some nfcs on ethereum so
the goal was to show
how you can benefit from Stellar to
alleviate all the fees
and then also still sell your heart you
know because what what people may not
realize is that
Stellar is actually a lot of tools
for working with nft so for example you
can use
path payments in order to have not
just cross-asset
exchanges but you can also have bid and
offer discoveries
which means that basically it's a very
powerful tool to connect
buyers and sellers and if you are an
artist on ethereum then Stellar is a
very
it will become a very valuable
platform for for
the goal is to make it an alternative
platform for those sellers
in order to allocate the fees there's
also another things that can run on
ds decks that people may not realize
it's for example you can use a
time-bound
transaction in order to settle all the
bidders and the participant in an
auction
at the end of an auction after a
specific predetermined
period and you can also use
you can you can use the path payments
tricks and
at the end of the auction also to
implement a reserve price and things
like that
so Stellar is extremely versatile as a
protocol in order to
implement all those and people need to
realize that
it could become a very good alternative
to to those
networks that at the moment have a big
problem with speed
do you see compatibility with other
networks as well outside of ethereum
potentially
no i did not investigate more but
no I did not investigate more but
yeah i think the yeah their goal is
yeah I think the yeah their goal is
really to make it
like that if you if you are an artist on
ethereum then i
i want to make it that you can try
I want to make it that you can try
stellars and alternative and
benefit sweet
i think that clarifies my my question
I think that clarifies my my question
on that
all right well this is i don't know if
all right well this is I don't know if
anybody has any last minute otherwise
we're going to open we have a couple of
questions from our engaged and
interested audience which i would like
interested audience which I would like
to pose to
post to the group
so maybe for this would be an
interesting one any plans
and this this is kind of a little bit
towards
sdf or at least the the Stellar side
of things but there are there any plans
to make non-fractionable
an option in the tamil file it'd be
great to issue
whole coin nfts instead of 0.00001
nfts so how are you addressing that how
do you think we should address that
there's a
there's sep work to be done here there's
also smart contract stuff that can be
done here
some of it's just display mechanics
right on
the platform that you're displaying your
nft on because you don't
at the end of the day it's it's a
display thing but i don't know fred how
display thing but I don't know fred how
are you addressing the zero zero zero
zero zero one
issue yeah so this is like this has
been a hurdle
for for developing the the
marketplace because
first it's not very friendly to users
but there's also some limitations on
these dates because of the
32 limit so there's you can't price
easily an item over 214.75
of any unit so in order to solve that
for example what we do we use a
intermediate market so in instead of
posting just one big offer we post two
and we issue an asset and price this
asset the problem is that it creates
cryptic orders on these decks
so i think there's definitely a need for
so I think there's definitely a need for
for addressing this
in order to make it clearer to prevent
the the creation of those
buffering assets and yeah that could be
I'm not sure my favorite ways
would be to go with lifting the limit
of it in 32
on the on the s decks that would be my
favorite way the most natural
and then also in terms of being able to
create
non-fractionable assets or fractionable
at
very specific decimal place then that
would be
that would be the best the best foster
yeah there's definitely a lot of
different ways to
address the issue there's a lot of
reasons that they are issues whether
it's
selling issues or selling issues on the
decks or just visibility issues where
it's weird to see that much fraction
but i will say you don't you can issue
but I will say you don't you can issue
particularly because we have
functionality around auth required flags
you could issue one of something
and then if you built a smart contract
through either the Stellar turret
network or
even just a centralized service that
allows people to sell
buy and sell that asset you would
basically allow that that sell that sale
of the nft only through
this one like endpoint where it
opened up
authorization to whoever was
purchasing it sold that asset
in an atomic swap on with the operations
and then closed
access so you could you can absolutely
do this already
it's just not incredibly natural
but it can absolutely work I'm
particularly interested in the atomic
swap stuff because that removes so much
of the math issue
where you can you can sell 0.0000
whatever for
an infinite amount of the the counter
asset or the max
amount of the counter asset and not run
into any math issues it's just that
how do you create that transaction in a
decentralized way where there isn't a
third party that
boy i sure hope they don't go down or i
boy I sure hope they don't go down or i
can't move my asset
so work in that arena is something
that's super interesting and to me and
stuff something that I'm I'm
particularly focused on
good any any follow-up
questions around that otherwise we'll
move on
so here's one i want to buy a house with
so here's one I want to buy a house with
a stranger
this has been historically a horrible
idea is there any way
xlm or nfts can alleviate all of the
problems with co-ownership of homes
or real estate i don't know steve
or real estate I don't know steve
zack thoughts around co-ownership with
strangers on houses i'll let steve go
first
I'm happy to as well i was gonna say
I'm happy to as well I was gonna say
after you but i
the short answer to the question is no i
think
i think you still fall out the same ways
I think you still fall out the same ways
i mean it's there's going to be a
I mean it's there's going to be a
contract of some sort between you
but maybe I'm being limited in my
thinking what do you think
i think that nfts can solve a lot of
I think that nfts can solve a lot of
issues with traditional real estate
i think if you but i think one of the
I think if you but I think one of the
things and this is
a spiel that I'm working on so I'm going
to test it here it's like
with all these other networks you know
decentralized
distributed trustless systems or that's
the highlight right so like bitcoin is
pressless period of your payments
ethereum is stressless like applica
decentralized applications
and you can you know build on topic for
financial stuff
Stellar is interesting because there's
this inherent requirement for trust
on the network because it tethers not
only digital assets but also real world
assets
and so if you take that kind of same
principle to nfts like
you know there will be things that exist
in real life that
can exist in both worlds but you will
still need to have a
trust in like whatever that custodial
power is so when I'm talking about nft's
like circumvent the title company you
know
ideally you know that the title
companies would
anchor these assets and just adapt to
the space instead of
be relegated out it creates new
economies for them
they could have better processes maybe
that lowers the cost for even doing the
signing table stuff
instead of getting everybody in a room
to sign like they can just
click a button and digitally transfer
that and so
while you still have a record of the
physical thing in their vault you now
also have a
digital representation that anyone can
view on ledger
and i think that you have to have
and I think that you have to have
trust when it comes to real world
assets and there will always be have to
be a facilitator for that
but i don't think that means that you
but I don't think that means that you
can't disrupt
systems like housing now with
fractionalized stuff through the
questions point you already have
projects on Stellar that are
are doing that kind of stuff where it's
like an apartment like share like
you can fractionalize that and that's
been a big use case that i've seen
there's yeah i think a small handful
there's yeah I think a small handful
of companies doing some cool stuff with
that
already on the network so that's that
use case is
proof like that that can work but that's
a different
that's a different model completely than
like something like just
i want to give self tyler my house
I want to give self tyler my house
here's the title
okay bye like it can't do that we can do
it with cars for some reason though
but the government still verifies that
here in the united states
yeah there's reinvention of systems
which is great i suppose i interpreted
which is great I suppose I interpreted
the question of
will i better live with the person
will I better live with the person
that would be using fft
oh yeah i may have misinterpreted it as
oh yeah I may have misinterpreted it as
well then
yeah yeah depends on the
the use case here we are we you know
gonna live in the house or are we just
using as an investment because
investment i think there is opportunity
investment I think there is opportunity
but
if you're just buying with a random
stranger on craigslist that's
i don't know they're still humans
I don't know they're still humans
well sorry
just just to comment on that tyler it
that is it gets really interesting
because
if you look at ownership if you if you
do if you take what zach says and you
you create a system where
the house is is kind of containerized
within
nft or nf it'll have to be a number of
nfts and if you can then
easily split ownership
you know you can then take you know a
50th
share of a house have that as part of
your investment portfolio
have everything transparent that you
know that's
that's interesting and from a portfolio
point of view i think so too
point of view I think so too
particularly when you start again
opening up to retail investors or this
idea of
patronage where you tokenize
a restaurant or something and
people who
who like that restaurant or when you
look at art
it's not so much an investment that i
hope to resell this thing i just want to
hope to resell this thing I just want to
support the people that i love and the
support the people that I love and the
art that they do and the things that
they make
there's a huge target for that and
it's not it's not driven by
greed necessarily at least it's not
monetary greed it's just i like this
monetary greed it's just I like this
thing i want to see it exist and
thing I want to see it exist and
thrive and there's a whole market out
there that i think we're only beginning
there that I think we're only beginning
to really start to tap into that has
nothing to do with me getting rich
and more me enriching the the artists
and creators that i love
and creators that I love
so we need to we need to close out here
this has been this has been a fantastic
conversation one last question here
for those who are not developers or
people that
maybe more on the art side of things
this would be a good question perhaps
for
for fred how can they get involved how
can we start issuing art
and music and begin to take advantage
of
marketplaces like what you're what
you're building fred when
when are we going to get access what
what's the plan for the future
for non-developers what's the what's the
path forward so it's going to be
live very soon just fixing the
last details especially about
trust stress testing and and security
because we have created some some kind
of
like contracts with pre-order
transactions just want to make sure that
there's no issues with this
and this is going to be live on
lightning.com on the website you will
have tools
to create and without any programming
required
to create to issue your asset on Stellar
so
just need to specify the art and if you
want to you can store it on ipfs you can
install it
somewhere else and also we are also
going to
run an anchor for you so there will
be a review
we but yeah you will be able to
issue your assets
without any technical knowledge
fantastic very excited well thank you
any closing closing thoughts comments
i mean
I mean
i i only have two closing things santa
I I only have two closing things santa
won the first to bounce off of fred i
think there's
i think keep an eye out for that I'm
I think keep an eye out for that I'm
eager to experiment with it after seeing
it
there's also others i think around the
there's also others I think around the
ecosystem already that you can play
around with that do it
like ever trying i think account based
like ever trying I think account based
nfps and i don't
nfps and I don't
have the urls off the top of my head but
I'm sure you can like dig around a
little bit if you're part of the Stellar
community
what i would say to do is that if you'd
what I would say to do is that if you'd
want to see and if more nft projects on
Stellar get involved in the
conversations on
the dev group about it and like start
talking to other people that are
developing
nft based projects so some standards can
get
uniform across so these different things
can begin to interpret
the same like different assets that are
published the same way
that would be my closing statement yep
yep absolutely Stellar global find us on
discord and
start start the discussion that's a
great place to land i don't know if
great place to land I don't know if
anybody wants to call out where they can
keep up with you and the work that
you're doing
and then we will we will close out steve
if you want to start where
people can keep track of the work that
you're doing
yeah absolutely well come and say
hello at task.i o
hello at task.I o
my like to be on on twitter I'm
at steve walker without an e at the
end so steve w-a-i-l-k-r
and great to connect and really
appreciate you
inviting me in today it's it's been a
great experience thank you
super yup it's been great to have you
fred
and sam so if you want to connect
with the project you can come and join
our community
we are we have a discord community over
a thousand members
lightmint.js you can type in your
browser and you will
get the invite link and then I'm there
almost every day to talk so if you have
any questions just
don't hesitate and zach where can people
pester you
you guys can tag at `stellar.org` on
twitter and i will
twitter and I will
see every single thing that you have
ever pasted
there multiple times and yeah and
then also
you know the regular places
cubase all right super and once again
I'm tyler vanderhofen you can find me
t-y-v-d-h
on twitter that's the best place to find
me i also do hang out on discord
me I also do hang out on discord
occasionally
this has been a ton of fun thank you all
for joining
we will catch you later hopefully
conversing around art
thank you very much see you all thank
you